His Royal Highness the Crown Prince Yan Song asked for a meeting
They were in this together.
And I consider myself noble
Since I can take the initiative to find His Highness
There must be a trick
Don't be afraid to see what they want to do first
The two of you go to the Three Treasures Hall for nothing
What's the matter? Congratulations to His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
Recover the assets of Luoluo City and Linzhou City
The situation in the second city is complicated
I would like to recommend some places to visit
Share for His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
Always said
It's what I have in mind
The two of you are so anxious to share the worries for the country
Then why did you meet Daijin Imperial Preceptor just now?
I haven't seen you so active.
His Royal Highness
Are you asking me for the truth?
How come?
Now who doesn't know the gold led by the face
The country is so loyal
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince must not act out of emotion at this time
North Korea and China can now go to the border
So a couple.
What the image says is
I sincerely fear that no one will be available to recommend talents
Unexpectedly, His Royal Highness the Crown Prince's response made the old man
It's really cold
I used your people
I'm afraid it won't be two days.
The city has been sold by you for thousands
Then don't bother you two
with
Generation Chen passed on my order
After five days, the imperial examinations will be piloted in Beijing
All children of poor families can sign up
Pick the winner for admission
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince is wise
minister and other nobles
Mei Xiang
Why didn't you stop this kid just now haha
Better to lose than to gamble
Moreover, the imperial examination this life
Do you think he really has what he says?
Hahaha who to choose?
It's not up to him to decide what to do
The force that presides over this matter is the person who is the original
Hahahahaha